# Friday 15. September 2023


## Participants



* Holly Little (Smithsonian NMNH)
* David Fichtmueller (BGBM Berlin)
* Jason Best (BRIT)
* Jutta Buschbom (NHM, Statistical Genetics)
* Ben Norton
* Kit Lewers


## Agenda & Minutes



-  Welcome & Introduction
    -  
-  Updates on any ongoing/current mapping work
    -  [https://mapping-commons.github.io/sssom/](https://mapping-commons.github.io/sssom/)
        -  used for MIX-DwC
        -  Jutta testing with RECODE project
        -  TDWG Latimer Core terms mapped and presented by Ben on LtC webpage
    -  use cases from RECODE and BRIT
    -  Semantic Mapping Vocabulary [https://mapping-commons.github.io/semantic-mapping-vocabulary/](https://mapping-commons.github.io/semantic-mapping-vocabulary/)
    -  Ben mapping BFO, GeoSciML, GeoCore, and GeoScience Ontologies
-  TDWG 2023 Seminar and Workshop
    -  People attending in person: David, Kit, Holly
    -  People attending virtually: Jutta, Jason, Ben
    -  Workshop - 
        -  Kit can help with virtual engagement from the room. 
        -  Jason will let us know if he will be available to help in virtual presence live. Ben will help virtually. 
        -  Approach the workshop a bit like the unconference
            -  starting with a summary of Davidâ€™s presentation/draft charter details?
        -  Poll the room for:
            -  What mappings are people already doing?
            -  What tools and standards are they using for mappings?
            -  Strategies for the work we are proposing to do
            -  How would a good mapping look to a user?
            -  What might the requirements of the resulting deliverables (infrastructure?) be? How do we make this usable/implementable by the TDWG community? 
-  Details to consider (could be poll/discussion questions as well)
    -  How is this information included in the documentation for standard?
    -  What is the human readable component?
    -  
-  Establishing the Task Group
    -  [Charter Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1riceuu48IXzCDRYT1JovETDYVYfV7Nt0mt1xVEIdJSU/edit)
    -  Outreach strategy/getting more participants
-  Other Business
    -  Next meeting: when (during TDWG workshop week) and who is organizing it?


## ToDos

