# TDWG Standards Mapping Task Group Meeting


# Thursday 22. February 2024

Zoom link: [https://us06web.zoom.us/j/3512214152?pwd=aVp2OEdNaVBrajNSNG13Y3NqOGF5QT09&omn=81298779225](https://us06web.zoom.us/j/3512214152?pwd=aVp2OEdNaVBrajNSNG13Y3NqOGF5QT09&omn=81298779225) 


## Participants



* David Fichtmueller (BGBM Berlin)
* Jason Best (Botanical Research Institute of Texas)
* Stan Blum (TDWG, San Francisco)
* Hanna Koivula (CSC, Finland)
* Stefan Seifert (SNSB, Munich)
* Mathias Dillen (Meise Botanic Garden, Belgium)
* Jutta Buschbom (Statistical Genetics, DE & NHM London, UK)
* Kimberly Watson (New York Botanical Garden, Bronx, NY, USA)
* Caitlin Thorn (MfN Berlin)
* Elspeth Haston (RBGE)
* Theary Ung (MNHN, TDWG secretary)
* Jen Bayer (US Geological Survey, USA)
* Ben Norton
* Alexander Wolodkin (SGN, Germany)
* Raïssa Meyer (AWI for Polar and Marine Research, MPI for Marine Microbiology)
* Patricia Mergen (Meise Botanic Garden)
* (please add your name to the list)

### Regrets

* Holly Little

## Agenda & Minutes

1. Welcome & Introduction
2. Introduction to SSSOM: the DwC-MIxS use case. By Raïssa Meyer. Slide deck and useful links:
   - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bcZYMhqqtVqNKyc6mZKnnSk95qLBe893g4r_CcaaY28/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bcZYMhqqtVqNKyc6mZKnnSk95qLBe893g4r_CcaaY28/edit?usp=sharing)
   - [https://mapping-commons.github.io/sssom/home/](https://mapping-commons.github.io/sssom/home/)
   - [https://github.com/mapping-commons/sssom](https://github.com/mapping-commons/sssom) 
4. Updates from/since the last meeting
    - License discussion (Ben)
    - Github repository was created: [https://github.com/tdwg/standards-mappings](https://github.com/tdwg/standards-mappings) (This repo.)
5. Charter
    - [Charter Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1riceuu48IXzCDRYT1JovETDYVYfV7Nt0mt1xVEIdJSU/edit)
6. Roadmap
7. Any other business
    6. Next meeting


## ToDos

- Move charter draft into this repo; convert to markdown in prep for:
  - final edits,
  - submission to Exec for approval, and
  - posting to website  (TAG needs at least a stub under Community for any Task Groups; Or we elevate this to its own interest group.)
- Find an additional convener to replace Holly? (She is stepping down because of increased demands at work, but will participate as time allows.)
