# Tuesday 21. November 2023

## Participants

* Holly Little (Smithsonian NMNH)
* David Fichtmueller (BGBM Berlin)
* Jason Best (BRIT)
* Jutta Buschbom (NHM, Statistical Genetics)
* Ben Norton
* Kit Lewers
* Ana Niño
* Sam Leeflang

## Agenda & Minutes

1. Welcome & Introduction
2. Charter
    1. [Charter Draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1riceuu48IXzCDRYT1JovETDYVYfV7Nt0mt1xVEIdJSU/edit)
        1. Changes were added and discussed in the document
    2. Discussion about the default license for this group, CC-0 or CC-By
        - Consensus: we should go CC-0 with a running contributors file in the repository and a citation suggestion.
        - Ben will ask the EC why the recommendation was CC-By and not CC-0.
    3. Postpone discussion to the next meeting.
3. Since the next meeting will be during the workshop week (see #4) where there will most likely be a wider participation, we should try to finalize the charter before that, in particular in regard to the notes from the workshop and if there are any further points that should make it into the draft. This will be done via the slack channel. 
4. TDWG 2023 Seminar and Workshop 
5. (skipped due to time, we continue to work on this before the next meeting, see #2.iii)
6. Other Business
    - Next meeting will probably be held during the TDWG Workshop week that will presumably happen during January or February. Once the dates are announced, Kit will set up a Doodle to find the specific time. 
    - Ask Raïssa to give an introduction to SSSOM based on her work with the MIxS-DwC mappings:

Meyer R, Appeltans W, Duncan WD, Dimitrova M, Gan Y-M, Stjernegaard Jeppesen T, Mungall C, Paul DL, Provoost P, Robertson T, Schriml L, Suominen S, Walls R, Sweetlove M, Ung V, Van de Putte A, Wallis E, Wieczorek J, Buttigieg PL (2023) Aligning Standards Communities for Omics Biodiversity Data: Sustainable Darwin Core-MIxS Interoperability. Biodiversity Data Journal 11: e112420.[ https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.11.e112420](https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.11.e112420)

## ToDos


1. Ben: ask in the Executive Committee regarding the recommended license: Why CC-BY and not CC 0? Is CC-BY the minimum for openness but CC-0 is also recommended? 
    * Done, see the discussion in the Slack channel on 2023-11-28 and following and the subsequent creation of the dedicated channel #copyright-licensing
2. David: ask Stan to create a github repo for the Standards Mapping TG
    * Done via email on 2023-12-20
3. David: rephrase the marked parts in the Charter draft and send it around to the group for feedback prior to the next meeting
    * Done on 2023-12-20
4. all: go through the notes from the TDWG 2023 workshop and see if there are discussion points that should be addressed in the charter, either by mentioning them or by expanding/adding a task or deliverable. 

